Customer Center Android support (#645)
RevenueCat/docs: docs/tools/customer-center/customer-center-integration-android.mdx

---
title: Integrating Customer Center on Android
sidebar_label: Android Integration
slug: customer-center-integration-android
hidden: false
---

import YouTubeEmbed from '@site/src/components/YouTubeEmbed';

<YouTubeEmbed videoId="yraB5gQCUPE" title="Integrating the Customer Center" />

## Overview

Customer Center is a self-service UI that can be added to your app to help your customers manage their subscriptions on their own. With it, you can prevent churn with pre-emptive promotional offers, capture actionable customer data with exit feedback prompts, and lower support volumes for common inquiries — all without any help from your support team.

There are only two steps to integrate Customer Center in your app:

1. Implementing the Customer Center view in your app
2. Setting up promotional offers

## Integration

> There's a `CustomerCenter` composable that can be used to display the Customer Center. It's intended to be used as a full screen composable so make sure to use it with a `fillMaxSize` modifier:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CustomerCenter` composable is designed to display the Customer Center as a full-screen view. To ensure proper layout, use the fillMaxSize modifier:
``

import usageViewKotlin from "!!raw-loader!@site/code_blocks/tools/customer-center-usage-1.kt";

<RCCodeBlock
  tabs={[
    { type: "kotlin", content: usageViewKotlin, name: "Kotlin" },
  ]}
/>

## Setting up promotional offers

> Unique promotional offers can be assigned to different paths and survey responses in the Customer Center, but first they must be setup in App Store Connect and Google Play Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unique promotional offers can be triggered based on user actions within the Customer Center. Before configuring them, set up the offers in Google Play Console.
```
